<meta charset="utf-8">

(http://www.crew-project.eu/portal/listoftestbeds)

<a href="http://log-a-tec.eu/">LOG-a-TEC</a> is an outdoor experimental facility supporting cognitive radio networking experimentation in ISM and TV bands.  The testbed consists of several clusters of wireless sensor nodes located in the municipality of Logatec, Slovenia and at the Jožef Stefan Institute campus. Clusters in the Logatec municipality cover approximately 350.000 m<sup>2</sup> of public space that includes the city center and an industrial zone. Clusters at the JSI campus cover approximately 3000 m<sup>2</sup> of in-door and out-door space. LOG-a-TEC is equipped with approximately 70 VESNA platforms and SNE-ISMTV reconfigurable radio boards. 

The <a href="http://sensorlab.ijs.si/hardware.html">VESNA</a> platform is a modular and fully flexible platform developed at the SensorLab at the Jožef Stefan Institute and is based on a high-performance microcontroller with ARM Cortex-M3. The SNE-ISMTV expansion permits experimentation in ISM 868 MHz, ISM 2.4 GHz and UHF 42 – 870 MHz frequency bands. Each node is also equipped with a 2 GB microSD card for storing predefined measurement configurations as well as measurement results. Each node is remote accessibile over the Internet via a wireless management network and a REST API.

The testbed can be operated remotely through the LOG-a-TEC web portal. The user can select a cluster of VESNAs and configure them to perform sensing and/or transmission. As a result, the testbed is able to support sensing only experiments, transmission only experiments and also transmission based on sensing results. The LOG-a-TEC web portal uses the <a href="http://www-e6.ijs.si/en/software/grass-raplat">GRASS-RaPlaT</a> tool in order to (i) to provide the virtual experiment planning via simulation in order to ascertain the best setup before the actual execution in the testbed as well as (ii) to support the postprocessing and visualization of experimentation results.

